{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\fmodern\fprq1\fcharset0 Courier New;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.22621}{\*\mmathPr\mnaryLim0\mdispDef1\mwrapIndent1440 }\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\widctlpar\sb100\sa100\kerning36\b\f0\fs48 Terms And Conditions\par
\par
\kerning0\b0\fs24 These Terms and Conditions govern your use of \b HDWallet\b0 , hosted on GitHub.\par
\b\fs27 1. Acceptance of Terms\par
\b0\fs24 By accessing or using this Project, you signify your agreement to these Terms and Conditions. If you do not agree to these Terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this Project. Continued use of the Project constitutes your acceptance of any changes to these Terms.\par
\b\fs27 2. License\par
\b0\fs24 This Project is licensed under the {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/talonlab/hdwallet-desktop/LICENSE.md" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf1\ul MIT License}}}}\f0\fs24 . You are free to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sub-license, and/or sell copies of the Project, subject to the conditions outlined in the MIT License.\par
\b\fs27 3. User Obligations\par
\b0\fs24 As a user of the Project, you agree to:\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\widctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb100\sa100 Comply with all applicable local, national, and international laws, regulations, and conventions.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Use the Project responsibly and refrain from any activities that could harm the Project, its maintainers, or its users.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Not use the Project for any malicious, illegal, or unethical purposes, including but not limited to hacking, spreading malware, or violating privacy.\par

\pard\widctlpar\sb100\sa100 You are solely responsible for how you use the Project and any consequences that arise from your usage.\par
\b\fs27 4. No Warranty\par
\b0\fs24 This Project is provided \b "as-is"\b0  without any guarantees, assurances, or warranties, express or implied. This includes but is not limited to:\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\widctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb100\sa100 The implied warranties of merchantability, which assure suitability for sale.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Fitness for a particular purpose, which guarantees usefulness for a specific task.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Non-infringement, which certifies that the Project does not violate third-party rights.\par

\pard\widctlpar\sb100\sa100 You bear the full risk associated with using the Project. The contributors make no representations or warranties about the accuracy, completeness, or reliability of the Project.\par
\b\fs27 5. Limitation of Liability\par
\b0\fs24 Under no circumstances shall the authors, contributors, or maintainers be held liable for:\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\widctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb100\sa100 Loss of data or corruption of files.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Business interruptions, loss of revenue, or loss of profits.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Incidental, consequential, special, punitive, or indirect damages arising from your use or inability to use the Project.\par

\pard\widctlpar\sb100\sa100 This limitation applies even if the maintainers were advised of the possibility of such damages.\par
\b\fs27 6. Contributions\par
\b0\fs24 We welcome contributions to improve the Project! By submitting a contribution, you agree to:\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\widctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb100\sa100 License your contributions under the same MIT License as the rest of the Project.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Affirm that you have the necessary rights to contribute the work and that it does not infringe on the intellectual property rights of others.\par

\pard\widctlpar\sb100\sa100 This ensures that contributions remain open-source and compatible with the Project\rquote s license.\par
\b\fs27 7. Changes to These Terms\par
\b0\fs24 We reserve the right to modify these Terms and Conditions at any time. Significant updates will be communicated through the Project\rquote s GitHub repository or related communication channels.\par
Your continued use of the Project after changes are made constitutes your acceptance of the updated Terms. Please review these Terms periodically to ensure you are aware of the latest version.\par
\b\fs27 8. Governing Law\par
\b0\fs24 These Terms and any disputes arising from your use of the Project shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the applicable jurisdiction.\par
Any legal action or proceeding arising under these Terms will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in the governing region.\par
\b\fs27 9. Contact Information\par
\b0\fs24 If you have any questions, comments, or concerns about these Terms, please contact us at:\par
\b Email:\b0  {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:contact@talonlab.org" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf1\ul\f1\fs20 contact@talonlab.org}}}}\f0\fs24\par
We welcome your feedback and inquiries.\par

\pard\widctlpar\sa160\sl252\slmult1\f2\fs22\par
}